update: Gradle workers API (#5649)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/compiler-plugins/kapt.md

</tab>
</tabs>

### Use Gradle build cache safely

> The kapt annotation processing tasks are [cached in Gradle](https://guides.gradle.org/using-build-cache/) by default.

Reviewer: This link redirects to https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_cache_use_cases.html — should we change it? 🤔

Reviewer: Could we flip this sentence around to avoid passive? 
Gradle caches kapt annotation processing tasks by default.

However, annotation processors can run arbitrary code, which may not reliably transform task inputs into outputs,

> or may access and modify files that Gradle doesn't track.

Reviewer: This sentence feels a bit on the longer side, do you think if we could break it up 🤔

> If the annotation processors used in the build cannot be properly cached,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the annotation processors used in the build can't be properly cached,
```

Reviewer: since we used contracted doesn't above.

Reviewer: What do you think about flipping this, so the instruction is followed by the code example. 
I'm thinking of something like: 

Annotation processors that don’t support safe caching may cause false-positive cache hits for kapt tasks. To prevent this, set the `useBuildCache` property to `false` in your build script:

kapt.classloaders.cache.disableForProcessors=[annotation processors full names]
```

> If you encounter any issues with the feature,
> we would appreciate your feedback in [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-28901).
>
{style="note"}

### Use incremental annotation processing

kapt supports incremental annotation processing by default.

> Currently, annotation processing can be incremental only if all annotation processors being used are incremental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, annotation processing can be incremental only if all annotation processors used in the build are incremental.
```

Reviewer: or perhaps something like this, would this work to avoid the passive 🤔 : 

Currently, kapt uses incremental annotation processing only when all annotation processors in the build are incremental.

To disable incremental annotation processing, add this line to your `gradle.properties` file:

```none
kapt.incremental.apt=false
```

> Note that incremental annotation processing requires [incremental compilation](gradle-compilation-and-caches.md#incremental-compilation)

Reviewer: I'd suggest putting this at the beginning of the 
something like: 

You must also enable [incremental compilation](gradle-compilation-and-caches.md#incremental-compilation) to use incremental annotation processing.

Author: Made a list of conditions instead

Reviewer: that's an even better solution — I like it 👍

to be enabled as well.

## Analyze performance

> 

Reviewer: It would be nice to have a short intro - although for these two it might not be necessary, up to you, but I thought I'd mention 🤔
